
JCIS "Highlights" specifications:
1) Include 3 to 5 highlights
2) Each highlight has max 85 characters, including spaces
3) Only core results of the paper should be covered
examples: www.elsevier.com/journal-authors/highlights


Version 2:
(100) 1. Small changes in dielectric response result in substantial variations in van der Waals interactions.
( 80) 2. Variation at a fixed spectral frequency influences all Matsubara summation terms.
(110) 3. The position of maximal change in Matsubara terms is not directly related to the position of the added peak. 
( 95) 4. Matching the refractive index at an absorption peak does not quench van der Waals interactions.
(124) 5. van der Waals interactions are unlikely to be significantly reduced by spectral variation in a narrow
regime of frequencies.

Version 1:
(143) 1. We show that small changes in the dielectric response result in substantial variations in the Hamaker 
coefficient of the van der Waals interactions.
(391) 2. Variation of the dielectric response spectra at one particular frequency influence all the terms in the
Matsubara summation, making the total change in the Hamaker coefficient depend on the spectral
changes not only at that frequency but are distributed over the whole
interval of frequencies and can show a maximum
whose position is not directly related to the po-
sition of the added peak. 
(270) 3. Our detailed calculations prove that
this is certainly not the case that: 
the Tabor-Winterton approximation would
suggest that matching the refractive index at a
single absorption peak should effectively quench
the long range vdW component of molecular in-
teractions. 
(172) 4. A possibility of eliminating
van der Waals interactions or at least drastically reducing them by spectral variation in a narrow
regime of frequencies thus seems very remote


COVER LETTER:
In this work we present an analysis of how small changes in the dielectric response of a material result in substantial variations in the Hamaker coefficient of the van der Waals interactions. We use a simplified approximate model as well as a realistic example of amorphous silica with and without an exciton peak. As an aimportant conclusion we show that a possibility of eliminating van der Waals interactions or at least drastically reducing them by spectral variation in a narrow regime of frequencies thus seems very remote.

